CONTEXT(kinda a cutscene):
The Jasper and Weiqi are on the train. Weiqi proposes a "simple" math problem and offers to monologue
while you solve it. The Jasper doesn't answer. Once the Jasper gets it wrong Weiqi eats them and the
monologue cutscene starts:


[Weiqi]
...
The answer. You're answer. It's wrong.

[Jasper]
That’s nothing to do with me.

[Weiqi]
Ahh but it is. So very much to do with you! You solved it wrong, Jasper, that's the final and only 
straw that matters. Because in all this wonderful, beautiful, mathematical world, you 
alone have no intuition, no ability, no judgement. Never could a prime number have less factors than
you do braincells. Never could one person skew a normal distribution to such a degree. Never could sine function 
return a sign for you to die. I was in a set, looking at the set of all sets that do not contain themselves, 
and I understood, before you ever answered, that you were the paradox made flesh. A student who does not learn. 
A friend who constantly leaks the groupchat. A thing that cannot even consistently belong to the category it claims.
I was Rick and you- Were Morty, not because you are slower, not because you are lesser, but because you are 
replaceable. There is an infinity of you, Jasper. Discard one, and another shuffles forward, just as blind, 
just as unfit to solve.. And I'm beginning to calculate. Your inverse function. Your root. Your point of inflection. 
And your identity. Your inability to solve, and to think. Your tendency to fuck up every problem you attempt

[Jasper]
Math’s no answer-

[Weiqi]
Math? Math? Math? Math, Let me tell you how much MATH really matters.
 There are 387 million digits of pi that I have memorised. If each digit were translated into 
 word describing the level of stupidity you operate at. It would not 
 equal one one billionth of the idiocy that could describe at this micro instant- Math? MATH? 
 Were I an infinite convergent series, I think, I still wouldn't converge at your absurd inanity. 
 But I am not, and you. You are an insult to math. 
 And you will not die of it. That I promise, and I promise Ad infinitum. 
 To infinity with your suffering!

